Thanks for giving me opportunity to introduce my self.
Hi good morning, this is Sagiruddin Akhtar. I've Done my graduation in BCA from Patna Muslim Science college patna in the year 2015-2018  with an aggregate 
of 67.4%.
and completed my Master's From university Of hyderabad in MCA in Year Of 2019-2022 with an aggregate of 8.04 CGPA .

coming to my work experience, I've joined in Azentio software in Dec 2021 as Intern and after Completeing intern for 6 month , converted to full time Employee 
from August 2022 as a software Development Engineer and now i am having 2.5 year of full time experience in Azentio. And I am continuuing on that.

I've got to be involved in web applications, web services, standalone applications.
 
So my front-end expertise is about the HTML, CSS, JSP and JavaScript and coming to backend tech. I've been using Java, spring, springboot and rest API. and 
PL SQL,is one thing that I have a little bit intermediate level knowledge while coming to the database.


So basically we have a major product in our company. It is called as Amlock. It is an anti money laundering product. So we provide this product to our 
clients which are banks and this will be useful in fraud detection based on the transactions that occur in real time.
 
So in the application we will have the Dow Jones team providing us a few of the criminal records information such as people like Osama binladen, Dawood 
Ibrahim. So they give their sensitive information such as like contact related information or the date of birth or location and their
relationship details.

So basically when the transactions occur in our amlock this transactions will be screened against the particular predefined rules which are already
given by the users at client place. So if any of the transaction matches the predefined rule, let's say maybe the name matches with the score which is
given as 90% or above case and bring it to the superior user notice and they'll be taking an action upon it.
 
 
And coming to my role in Azentio I am working as a Java backend developer. So as we have the separate dedicated team for database's so whenever we have 
any client requirement or new gatherings or customizations will have this call including me with the business analyst and the technical manager along
with the client. So they will discuss the requirement and which is the best possible approach and what Will be shared to the client and after the review 
will get to the development part me along with the database person will be discussing on our inputs and what needs to be developed to the CR.
 
So this is all my usual day-to-day role goes at azentio and this is my little bit brief introduction. Thank you


